[DX-1722]  Deprecation announcement (#5643)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/tyk-dashboard/database-options.md

{{< include "sql-versions-include" >}}

{{< note success >}}
**Note** 

> Starting from 5.7.0, SQLite support will be deprecated. To avoid disrputions, please transition to either PostgreSQL or MongoDB as alternative database options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SQLite support will be deprecated from Tyk 5.7.0. To avoid disrupution, please transition to PostgreSQL, MongoDB or one of the listed compatible alternatives.
```
